docs(editor): add vms to db property types (#696)
rive-app/rive-docs: editor/data-binding/property-types.mdx

To use an artboard as a property, it must first be [converted to a Component](/editor/fundamentals/components#creating-a-component).

## View Model

View Model properties store a reference to a View Model instance.

They are used to create nested data structures by connecting one View Model instance to another.

For example, a `Player` View Model could contain a `Team` View Model property, allowing you to access properties such as the team's name, logo, and colors.

You can bind to and update properties on nested View Models just like top-level properties.

<Note>
  If you want to assign a View Model instance to a nested component, that instance must be reachable from your main View Model.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Note>
<Note>
```

Reviewer: These feel like separate points. I suggest putting them into different note callouts.

>   Only View Model instances connected to the main View Model hierarchy are exported. Standalone instances that are not referenced will not be available at runtime.

Reviewer: I thought any instance marked with "Export Instance" would be included in the .riv, right? 

```suggestion
Default View Model instances connected to the main View Model hierarchy are exported by default. To include additional instances that are not assigned as default, be sure to select the "Export instance" option in the inspector.
```

</Note>

## List

> List properties store collections of view models, which can be associated with specific artboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List properties store collections of view model instances, which can be associated with specific artboards.
```
